---
layout: page
title: About

---

## WELCOME EVERYONE TO {{ site.title }}

#### ABOUT 

{{ site.title }} is a static github website where users can interact via a Discord server to upload videos and view them on the site in just minutes! It works by uploading a file to the server and the server then provides a link for an embedded video to be rendered on the site or even on other platforms such as discord. Full length videos can be embedded on these other platforms as well via website links. Every new video creates a new page on the site where this embed is shown and can be embedded elsewhere. 

Feel free to support all of my work and keep sites like this ad free by subscribing to my patreon.

#### LEGAL

The content on {{ site.title }} is meant as a demo for educational purposes only. All content is temporary and is removed from the site after 3 to 4 days. {{ site.title }} serves several purposes: 
	First (1), this site is to test high quality, large embedded video files of many formats on platforms such as Discord.com ("Discord") and others.
	Second (2), to test the rendering and embedding of said video on a static site while still being stored on a separate server and using links generated by the server to display the media. 
Third (3), to test the scalability of community driven temporary content creation and sharing on a static website.

{{ site.title }} does not consent to the uploading of copyrighted content and we make our best effort to keep copyrighted content off of our platform. One of the ways we do this is by making all uploaded content temporary with content lasting only 3 to 4 days. We do not encourage use of any media files present on this site in any way other than the intended educational use they provide on this site.

#### COPYRIGHT

We do not endorse the uploading of copyrighted content to our platform and take all necessary steps to remove said content from the platform including but not limited to: removing said content, banning users from uploading content, restricting the use of suspicious links known to contain copyrighted content.

This site operates in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and will respond as quickly as possible to claims of copyright infringement. We reserve the right to remove content from the site ({{ site.title }}) and block users from further use of the site's uploading functions in the event that a user infringes on the intellectual property or other rights of a third party.

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been uploaded or displayed on our site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or violates your rights, please make a claim to the following email address <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>. In the email make sure to provide the following information:
A link (or links) to the potentially copyrighted work (or works) present on the site.
A statement containing specifically how the uploaded file on the website is infringing on your copyrighted work.
	And lastly, any proof of ownership to the copyrighted material in question is appreciated but may not be required in all cases. Due to the fact that there is no monetization of this site we ({{ site.title }}) believe that the removal of content can be done swiftly and without the need of proof. However, {{ site.title }} reserves the right to determine when such cases require proof of copyright ownership or not. Details of what constitutes “proof of copyright ownership” may vary and will be determined by {{ site.title }} on a case by case basis but will never exceed official legal documentation of ownership.

We apologize for any kind of misuse of our site and promise to find and remove any copyrighted content to the best of our ability.
